Scripting:

A script can be either the hardest thing you've ever done or it can be the easiest but it is important to get used to doing it.
I, personally, script as I'm laying out panels and pages during the storyboarding process because it helps me determine the pace of the dialogue but everyone approaches this differently.
For purposes of this kit, I will show you a crash course version of my scripting, if I decide to do one.
When I do actually sit down and write a script, I approach it like I am writing for film and block out the text from there and then start sketching panels. I like to improvise my pages like that but, again, it's not for everyone.
-----------------

Chapter 9

Page 1

Panel 1:	Setting shot- Hunter's hole; a small cave located in the Black Hills. Nightfall approaches.

Panel 2:	The horses stand next to a tree, tied and resting.

Panel 3:	Celeste looks do0wn at the scenary with her back to the cave.

Panel 4:	Face shot- She is visible distraught.

			SFX- Rustling behind her

Panel 5:	She turns, Atriel is shuffling out of the cave.

Page 2

Panel 1:	Atriel looks up at her, worried about her emotional state.

				ATRIEL
			You're still upset...about that man?

Panel 2:	Irritated, Celeste spins around on her heels

				CELESTE
			That man, Atriel?

Panel 3:	Atriel looks saddened

				CELESTE (cont.)
			That MAN was supposed to be a friend
			of ours. You were even taking a liking
			to him. 

Panel 4:	She grabs a blanket, seemingly random

				CELESTE (cont.)
			He took care of me when you were
			gone and then...

Panel 5:	She clenches her teeth

				CELESTE (cont.)
			And then he...has the gaul to call me...

Panel 6:	She throws down the blanket in a rage

				CELESTE (cont.)
			Useless!? Childish?! 

Page 3

Panel 1:	Atriel watches Celeste throw a tantrum about Ohanzee

				CELESTE (cont.)
			And then he goes off to that...that woman about
			me not choosing to retake my humanity?

Panel 2:	Celeste screams at the air in the direction fot he village

				CELESTE (cont.)
			What did I have to back to?! You stupid
			man?! What would I have done?!

Panel 3:	She falls into her knees, head covered by her arms.

				SFX- Hhhhrrr...

Panel 4:	Atriel hesitates

Panel 5:	His attention is caught when he hears her cry

				CELESTE (cont.)
			Atriel...
------------------------------------------------

This is just an excerpt but I hope it gives you an idea of how to format a script.
Take your treatment and add dialogue while not forgetting to include the information your intended.